ITEM 2.3 - CHERRY LANE BUILD-FROM-NEAR-ZERO - FOURTH QUALITY PASS
Run 171, 2026-08-13, unattended. Repo half and live half both run.

WHY THIS ITEM
All eight unchecked worklist items are still [BLOCKED] (5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.8,
6.1, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6), so there was no item to take and the standing rule sends
the run to a quality pass on the least recently verified completed item.
Ordering was re-derived by parsing every run header in AGENT_LOG.md and the
item each run named. 2.3 came out oldest by a distance: last refreshed in the
eighty-ninth run, 81 runs ago, against 4.15 at 42 and 2.2 at 41.

ANSWER PICKUP (step 3) - AVAILABLE AGAIN
The portal feedback endpoint was read successfully for the first time in
eighteen runs. One Chrome instance was connected, so there was no ambiguity to
stop the fetch. The endpoint returned 11 entries, newest Q16 on 2026-08-10.
Every one is already recorded as answered in QUESTIONS.json (Q2, Q3, Q4, Q5,
Q13, Q14, Q15, Q16), so there was nothing new to apply and no worklist item
became unblocked. 44 questions remain open with no answer posted since
2026-08-10. Q59, the pickup blocker itself, is left open rather than closed on
one good run.

REPO HALF - CLEAN AND BYTE-STABLE FOR THE FOURTH PASS
- Six generators rebuilt to a zero diff across all 177 pages.
- All 31 checkers exit 0, before the change and after it.
- The branch owns exactly the 12 pages the repo generates for Cherry Lane:
  11 service-family pages plus the switch page, no branch landing page, which
  is correct for this branch.
- Field by field against branches.json on all 12 pages: 202 Cherry Lane,
  Liverpool, L4 8SG, Merseyside, 0151 226 2051, ODS FA226, seoTown Walton in
  every title and H1, hasApp false with no app claim anywhere, no POM name
  from tools/pom-names.js, no foreign branch phone, postcode or ODS code.
- Character hygiene: the only non-ASCII characters in the set are the em dash
  in each page's build comment, which is the documented report-only exemption
  in check-em-dashes.js, and the pound sign on the weight loss page, which is
  the RULE 7 fee string explained on the third pass. No smart quotes.
- Widget ids are correctly absent from the pages. service.js renders them from
  branches.json at run time and each page carries the comment saying so.

THE DEFECT: RULE 7 COULD NOT SEE THE TOP OF A COHORT RANGE
File: tools/check-pharmacy-first-eligibility.js

The pattern that finds an age in page copy was:

    /(?:aged|age)\s+(\d{1,2})|\bunder\s+(\d{1,2})\b|\bover\s+(\d{1,2})\b/gi

It captures the number immediately after "aged" and nothing else, and the
rule 7 loop then read a single number per match. A cohort on these pages is
almost always written as a RANGE - "Women aged 16 to 64", "Age 1 to 17" - so
the SECOND number was never captured and never checked, on all 98 condition
pages, for as long as the rule has existed.

The top of the range is the end that matters. It is the boundary that decides
whether a woman of 65 is invited to book a UTI consultation the pathway
excludes her from, and whether a parent reads that the earache pathway covers
a child it stops at.

Rules 5 and 6 did not cover the gap, because both ask whether the correct
string appears ANYWHERE in the page. A page can carry the right cohort in the
eligibility list and the wrong one in the hero pill and satisfy both.

PROVED BY INJECTION, TWICE, BEFORE THE FIX
  uti-treatment-cherry-lane-walton.html, hero pill only:
    "Women aged 16 to 64" -> "Women aged 16 to 74"
    result: all 31 checkers green. MISSED.
  earache-treatment-cherry-lane-walton.html, hero pill only:
    " to 17" -> " to 27"
    result: all 31 checkers green. MISSED.

THE FIX
The range tail is now part of the pattern and optional, and both loops that
use it read every number the match captured instead of the first:

    /(?:aged|age)\s+(\d{1,2})(?:\s*(?:to|-|and)\s*(\d{1,2}))?|
      \bunder\s+(\d{1,2})\b|\bover\s+(\d{1,2})\b/gi

Optional matters: "aged 18 and over" on the shingles page still matches with
one number and does not become a failure. The same widening is applied to the
pack loop for rule 9 so the two halves of the checker read ages the same way.

AFTER THE FIX
  A  uti pill only, 64 -> 74      CAUGHT by check-pharmacy-first-eligibility
  B  earache pill only, 17 -> 27  CAUGHT by check-pharmacy-first-eligibility
  C  untouched tree               all 31 green, no false positive
  D  pack, 16 to 64 -> 16 to 65   CAUGHT, rule 9, both numbers now reported

Nothing else changed. No page, no generator, no branches.json field, no pack,
no patient-facing copy. Six generators still rebuild to a zero diff after the
change and all 31 checkers are green.

THREE FURTHER VERIFIER GAPS FOUND, NOT FIXED THIS RUN
Found by the same injection battery, left for the next passes so this run
stays one item done properly. All three walked past all 31 checkers:
  - the town word in an H1 moved off the seoTown ("UTI treatment in Walton"
    to "in Liverpool"). check-seo-pattern.js does not read it back.
  - a guarantee added to the travel clinic page ("Guaranteed protection on
    every trip").
  - the Pharmacy First page describing the free NHS service as "low-cost".
The third is the same class as the defect fixed above: a wrong statement about
an NHS service on a live patient-facing page.

LIVE HALF - READ ONLY, ONE CHROME INSTANCE, NOTHING CLICKED
Sitemap: 28 URLs, all 12 generated pages present and the old weight loss URL
still live beside the new one, which is Q5 applied as answered. lastmod is
2026-08-07 across every entry, consistent with the second pass finding that
lastmod is not a safe republish indicator on this site.

Pharmacy First overview: repasted and correct. All seven conditions render
with their NHS age ranges, UTI reads "Women aged 16 to 64", earache "Age 1 to
17", and the qualifying sentence "Each has its own age range set by the NHS"
is present.

Old weight loss page: still the short signpost. No medicine named, no claim,
no pricing, no Buy Now button. Q5 continues to hold.

Three live faults, none in copy this repo owns:
  1. REGRESSION. The Weebly-native footer publishes the branch NHS mailbox as
     pharmacy.FA226@mhs.net, one letter wrong, on every page read this run
     (switch, Pharmacy First, old weight loss). The second pass on 2026-08-11
     recorded this typo as gone and the footer as publishing no NHS mailbox at
     all. It is back, and an email to it bounces. This is Q36, already open.
  2. The switch page still renders the pre-Q7 em dash as mojibake, visible
     garbage in the body copy: "it usually is not OCircumflex CCedilla
     oDiaeresis we make the first step quick and easy". Cleared by the queued
     repaste, not by this repo.
  3. The switch page SEO title field is still "Switch Your Prescriptions -
     Cherry Lane Pharmacy Walton" against the paste sheet's "Switch Your
     Prescriptions to Cherry Lane Pharmacy, Walton". Q3, unchanged.
Also seen: the switch banner close control renders as mojibake on the Pharmacy
First and old weight loss pages, so that banner block is a mis-encoded paste in
its own right, separate from the switch page body.

NO NEW QUESTION
The defect was a verifier reading its own copy wrongly, not a decision about
what the copy should say. No NHS wording was changed and no page was touched,
so there was nothing to put to Rishi.

NOTE ON METHOD
The first injection battery this run reported check-postcodes.js failing on
every injection. That was contamination, not a finding: the harness itself had
been written into audits/ and quoted real postcodes, which rule 1 of that
checker correctly objects to. The harness was moved outside the repo and every
result above was re-taken clean. Recorded because a future run reading only
the first result set would chase a checker that is working correctly.
