Item 3.11 quality pass, eleventh, 2026-09-05 (unattended scheduled run via Cowork)
Branch: Gordon Short Chemist, Crosby (gordonshorts_crosby)
Fresh angle: tools/check-switch-copy.js proven by direct injection against this
branch's OWN switch page for the first time in eleven passes. Ten prior passes
had covered NAP, JSON-LD, brand spelling, em-dashes, the Pharmacy First
eligible/safety-net/symptoms triad, the booking chain, check-whatsapp-route.js,
check-map-embeds.js, check-pharmacy-first-cost.js and check-app-membership.js,
all by injection against this item's own pages - never check-switch-copy.js,
which was only exercised generically when it was built (item 3.12 pass,
2026-08-11) and has otherwise only ever passed passively as part of the
estate-wide full-suite sweep, the same "proves it did not fire, not that it
can" gap this week's other items closed for their own checkers.

BASELINE
Target: modules/switch/pages/switch-prescriptions-gordon-short-crosby.html
SHA256: cac5149905744c8c99dd5a39c2bae62ba1bae37e86afe8b365805e54fa8ace47
All 36 tools/check-*.js run individually against the tracked repo before any
work: 36/36 exit 0. tools/check-switch-copy.js alone: "OK - 15 switch page(s),
33 line(s) of body copy, 15 banner(s) read for where they send people, 11
rules, 5 accepted breach(es) pinned to a question."

METHOD
Full repo copied with .git included to a scratch directory
(/sessions/admiring-hopeful-sagan/scratch/repo-copy), the established method
(excluding .git makes check-cdn-pins.js fail falsely on a scratch copy). All
injections against the scratch copy's own switch-prescriptions-gordon-short-
crosby.html only; the tracked repo at C:\dev\rbh-site-data was never opened
for writing this pass, confirmed by SHA256 before, during and after. Restored
by byte copy from a pre-injection backup after each injection, not git
checkout (this mount's documented unlink() restriction), and SHA256-confirmed
identical to the backup before the next round.

Five injections, each caught first attempt on its intended rule and no other,
each restored and SHA256-reconfirmed byte-identical before the next round:

1. RULE 6 (time claim consistency). form-sub's "This takes about 30 seconds."
   changed to "45 seconds" only on this page, title and SEO description left
   at 30. CAUGHT: two failures - [verbatim] (the exact sentence no longer on
   the page) and [time-claim] (30 and 45 both present on the page, and the
   estate now states two different figures: "30 on 15 page(s), 45 on 1
   page(s)").

2. RULE 3 (verbatim), attempted as a rule 8 test. hero-sub's "Gordon Short
   Chemist is a local NHS pharmacy in Crosby." changed to name Bootle instead.
   CAUGHT: [verbatim], because the town is interpolated into a static
   generator line, so most town corruption on this page trips verbatim before
   rule 8 gets a look. Recorded as a method note, not a defect: it means rule
   3 already covers REPLACING this branch's own town in its usual spots.

3. RULE 8 (town), isolated from rule 3 by ADDING a new trust-bar item rather
   than editing an existing one, so the required verbatim line stayed intact:
   inserted "<div class="trust-item"><strong>Also near Bootle</strong>
   <span>Handy for patients travelling from Bootle too</span></div>" after the
   existing four trust items. CAUGHT: two failures, one per branch that
   genuinely owns Bootle - "the body copy names Bootle, which is
   smartts_bootle's town, not this branch's" and the same for
   skchemists_bootle. Confirms rule 8 checks every OTHER branch's town
   independently, not just the first match.

4. RULE 9 (form and sentence agreement). Added a new required field, "NHS
   number" (name="nhs_number"), directly after the date-of-birth input,
   without touching step 1's sentence. CAUGHT: [form-copy], naming the exact
   field: "the form asks for a field named nhs_number that this rule has no
   wording for."

5. RULE 10 (collection notice). Removed the privacy sentence ("We will only
   use your details to help process your switch request.") from the form
   entirely. CAUGHT: two failures - [verbatim] (the line is also one of the
   generator's static lines) and [collection-notice] ("the form collects a
   name, a date of birth and contact details and the page carries no
   statement of what they are used for at the point of collection"), proving
   the dedicated rule fires independently of the verbatim rule that happens to
   also cover this line's text.

REGRESSION SWEEP
Scratch copy's switch-prescriptions-gordon-short-crosby.html confirmed
SHA256-identical to the pre-injection backup after the final restore. Full 36
tools/check-*.js re-run individually against the scratch copy: 36/36 exit 0.
tools/build-switch-pages.js re-run against the scratch copy: byte-identical
output, git status --porcelain -- modules/ core/ empty. Tracked repo's own
copy of the page reconfirmed SHA256-identical to the original baseline
throughout (cac5149905744c8c99dd5a39c2bae62ba1bae37e86afe8b365805e54fa8ace47),
never opened for writing at any point in this pass.

LIVE HALF
Claude in Chrome not connected this session (tabs_context_mcp reported not
connected outright). Fell back to read-only curl (UA "Mozilla/5.0") from the
sandbox shell, which had working outbound network access this run.
switch-prescriptions-gordon-short-crosby.html: 200. "This takes about 30
seconds" present once, no second seconds figure. Collection notice sentence
present verbatim. Zero occurrences of "nhs_number" or "Bootle" anywhere on the
live page - none of this pass's injected defects have ever reached the live
site. 26 correct "Crosby" hits. The known mojibake em dash ("", pre-repaste)
still present, 4 occurrences, unchanged from every prior pass - not a new
finding. pharmacy-first-gordon-short-crosby.html (the branch-specific page Post
A must not be repointed to, per the standing STOP/Q32): 200, status only, not
re-read word for word this pass. sitemap.xml: every lastmod still
2026-08-15T07:41:55+00:00 estate-wide (single distinct value across the whole
file), no republish since the sixth pass.

OUTCOME
Zero in-repo defects. No new question. tools/check-switch-copy.js is now
proven by direct injection against this branch's own page, on top of the ten
checkers proven on earlier passes, closing the last checker-shaped gap this
item's rotation had identified as untested-by-injection for Gordon Short
specifically. Evidence: this file.
