Item 4.6 quality pass (eleventh), 2026-09-04, unattended scheduled run via Cowork.

STALEST ITEM SELECTION
All unchecked AGENT_WORKLIST.md items (5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.8, 6.1, both under Q60,
6.6) confirmed [BLOCKED] by direct grep, so the quality-pass fallback applied.
Rotation pool re-derived fresh from AGENT_WORKLIST.md's own checked items: 36
items (42 checkbox items minus the 6 standing out-of-rotation: 1.1, 1.4, 5.6,
5.7, 6.7, 6.8). Per-item last-touched date computed from
git log --pretty=format:"%cI|||%s" -- AGENT_WORKLIST.md AGENT_LOG.md (693
lines), matched per candidate against an anchored (^|[^0-9.])(item\s+)?<id>\b
pattern. Result: 4.6 uniquely stalest at 2026-09-03T20:10:34+01:00 (its own
tenth pass), ahead of 4.5 (20:40:15), 1.3 (21:14:59), 4.13 (21:43:02).

BASELINE
node tools/check-gbp-packs.js: 0 failures, 17 known warnings (unchanged set).
All 36 tools/check-*.js run individually: 36/36 exit 0. Six generators not
touched (gbp-packs is not a generator input); git status on modules/ core/
branches.json empty throughout.

NEW ANGLE
Read tools/check-gbp-packs.js's own "--- ..." section headers to find a
mechanism never proven by injection against this specific pack across its ten
prior passes (branch-name-as-place, address dual-mention/sister, hours-
anywhere, phone digit mutation, time/day pairing, splitDay - all already
proven here). The "a sister branch named in prose must be a real, live
sister" rule (then at line 2872) had only ever been described in CLAUDE.md
against scorah-hazel-grove.md and scorah-bramhall.md; mccanns-aigburth.md was
never named as a worked example despite carrying the exact fact class the
rule exists to guard (its business description names another live branch and
its town, post the Q26 fix on 2026-08-10 from "Sandringham" read as a place to
"McCanns Chemist Sandringham, in St Michael's").

INJECTION ROUND 1 (found the defect)
On a sha256-backed scratch copy (fdb1429d9701399ab9c2139db858a826d72efb5fe6
307520476d0a4ba3c36693), changed the description's "in St Michael's" (the
real sister mccanns_sandringham's real seoTown) to "in Timperley" (Riddings
Pharmacy Timperley's real, unrelated seoTown - confirmed via branches.json
that Timperley is in neither mccanns_aigburth's seoTown, addressLocality nor
serviceAreaList, so it qualifies as a genuine foreign town). Also updated the
description-length heading from 725 to 722 characters in the same edit, to
keep the already-proven length rule from producing an unrelated side-effect
failure and isolate the mechanism under test.
RESULT: node tools/check-gbp-packs.js: 0 failures. The wrong sister town
passed clean. Cross-checked against the full 36-checker suite (one
self-inflicted false alarm cleared first: this run's own git-log scratch file
under _agentscratch/ carried postcode-shaped substrings from historical
commit messages, tripping check-postcodes.js on 5 UNKNOWN lines exactly as
several prior passes have also hit and documented; renamed aside, checker
returned to 0 failures/3 known warnings). 36/36 clean with the injection still
in place, confirming no other checker in the estate catches this class of
error either.
ROOT CAUSE: two independent bugs, both in the sister-branch rule.
  1. Its trigger regex matched only the exact adjacent phrase "sister
     branch"/"sister branches". mccanns-aigburth.md's actual published
     sentence reads "a second branch, McCanns Chemist Sandringham, in St
     Michael's" - it never contains the word "sister" in the description at
     all - so the rule had literally never fired on this pack's own business
     description in any of its ten prior passes. The foreign-town rule
     immediately below it explicitly trusts the sister rule to have already
     validated any "second branch" phrasing (its own comment: "a sentence
     making a sister claim is governed by the rule directly above") and
     reads both "sister branch" and "second branch" wording for its OWN
     exemption, but the sister rule itself read only the first, so the
     exemption fired while nothing checked the town it was exempting.
  2. The rule scanned the WHOLE file text, not published copy only, so a
     paster note using the literal words "sister-branch sentence" (a false
     match on the first fix attempt, since the hyphen breaks a literal-space
     match but the widened word-gap pattern catches it) still correctly
     names "St Michael's" even when the description above it is corrupted,
     and the check only required that AT LEAST ONE matched sentence name a
     valid town, not that EVERY one does. The correct paster note silently
     covered for the wrong description sentence.
Restored gbp-packs/mccanns-aigburth.md by byte copy from the pre-injection
backup; sha256 reconfirmed identical (fdb1429d...693).

FIX (tools/check-gbp-packs.js)
- Trigger pattern widened to /[^.]*\b(?:sister\b[^.]{0,30}?\bbranch(?:es)?\b
  |second\s+branch(?:es)?\b)[^.]*\./gi - allows words between "sister" and
  "branch" (catches "sister McCanns branch") and reads "second branch"/
  "second branches" as its own trigger, matching the phrasing the
  neighbouring foreign-town rule already reads for its exemption.
- Scan scope confined to descriptionOf()/servicesOf()/postsOf() - the same
  published-copy scope the foreign-town rule already uses - rather than the
  whole file, so a "Notes for the paster" instruction is never read as if it
  were pasted copy.
- Logic changed from "at least one matched sentence names a valid town"
  (named.filter, `!named.length`) to "every matched sentence within scope
  must individually name a valid town" (unnamed.filter, `unnamed.length`),
  so a correct sentence can no longer mask a wrong one.
- Breach messages reworded from "claims a sister branch" to "claims a sister
  or second branch" to stay accurate for both phrasings.

INJECTION ROUND 1, RE-RUN AFTER THE FIX
Same Timperley substitution re-applied. RESULT: exit 1, exactly one FAIL,
naming the exact corrupted sentence and this branch's real sister and town
("McCanns Chemist Sandringham (St Michael's)"). Restored by byte copy;
sha256 reconfirmed identical to the pre-injection backup.

INJECTION ROUND 2 (fabricated sister name, informational)
Replaced "Sandringham" with a fabricated branch name ("Speke") while leaving
"St Michael's" in place. The rule as designed validates the TOWN named, not
the sister's exact display name, so this does not exercise the rule under
test and was not pursued as a finding; the run it produced also carried an
unrelated description-length side effect (heading declares 725, actual
became 719) from the character-count change, confirming the already-proven
length rule still catches an unmatched heading independently. Restored by
byte copy; sha256 reconfirmed identical. Not raised as a question: whether a
fabricated sister NAME (as opposed to a wrong town) should also be guarded is
a separate, smaller-scope enhancement, not a defect in what this rule
currently promises to check.

CROSS-CHECK: mccanns-sandringham.md
Confirmed the widened, rescoped rule still passes cleanly against
mccanns-sandringham.md's own description sentence ("Our sister McCanns
branch is further along Aigburth Road."), which previously relied on the
paster note elsewhere in the same file (a literal "sister branch" match) to
pass unnoticed while its own description sentence was never actually
checked. Both packs are now genuinely validated for the first time.

FULL SUITE AFTER THE FIX
All 36 tools/check-*.js run individually: 36/36 exit 0. git status --porcelain
-- gbp-packs modules core branches.json empty (gbp-packs/mccanns-aigburth.md
restored byte-identical; no generator, page or data file touched). Only
tracked change this pass: tools/check-gbp-packs.js.

LIVE HALF
Claude in Chrome: mcp__claude-in-chrome__list_connected_browsers returned []
(not connected), consistent with every recent run (Q59). Fell back to
read-only HTTP GET (network egress confirmed working first, 200 from
google.com). Status check only, not a full re-read (last full text read on
the seventh/ninth passes, unchanged since): pharmacy-first-mccanns-aigburth.
html, switch-prescriptions-mccanns-aigburth.html, weight-loss-clinic-mccanns-
aigburth.html and travel-clinic-mccanns-aigburth.html all 200. The
profile-website landing page (pharmacy-mccanns-aigburth.html) still 404s,
unchanged, still awaiting the queued Weebly paste run. No new live finding;
Q83 (weight loss booking-block price ahead of eligibility) not re-raised, it
is already open.

RESULT
One real defect found and fixed, in the checker (two compounding bugs in one
rule), not in any pack: both live packs already state their sister branch and
its town correctly; this is now proven by injection for the first time
rather than assumed from a comment. No page, generator or data change. No new
question; open question count unchanged at 43 of 96.
