Riddings Pharmacy Timperley GBP pack - third quality pass
Date: 2026-08-12 17:34 BST (hundred-and-twenty-fifth run)
Item: 4.13. Drafted 2026-08-04, first verified 2026-08-05, first quality pass
2026-08-10 22:05 (forty-second run), second 2026-08-11 21:10 (eighty-fourth
run). Selected as the oldest verification standing among completed items.
Result this pass: repo half performed and found ONE in-repo defect, in the
checker rather than in the pack. Live half NOT performed this run, see below.

SELECTION, RE-DERIVED NOT INHERITED
All 165 second-level headings in AGENT_LOG.md were parsed, 162 of them dated,
and each item's most recent verification recorded. The parse was run twice on
two different definitions of "verified" to make sure the answer did not depend
on the definition: once counting any worklist item number appearing in a run
heading, and once counting only the item the run actually worked ("on item X",
"Item X done"). Both orderings put 4.13 first, at 2026-08-11 21:10 on the
stricter reading and 2026-08-11 22:15 on the looser one. The looser reading is
the one that inflates, because runs list the items they refreshed in their
bookkeeping paragraphs, and those mentions are not verifications. Recorded
here because run 124 used the looser method: it gives the same answer this
time but it will not always, so the stricter reading is the better one.
Items 5.8 and 6.1 carry older stamps but are [BLOCKED] and incomplete, so
neither is a candidate.

REPO HALF - PACK FACTS, ALL RE-VERIFIED AGAINST branches.json
Name Riddings Pharmacy, street 38 Riddings Road, locality "Timperley,
Altrincham", WA15 6BP, addressRegion Greater Manchester (county, correct),
seoRegion unset so the title falls back to the county, seoTown Timperley,
phone 0161 973 2951, website riddingspharmacy.co.uk, review link
g.page/r/CRtdZliseNZGEAE/review, odsCode FDW90. hasApp false and the pack
mentions no app. pfBooking true, so Post A's "book or just walk in" is
allowed. Hours are the single Monday to Friday 09:00 to 18:00 session with
Saturday and Sunday both named closed, matching the NHS-confirmed
specification (source NHS pharmacy profile, confirmed 2026-06-24) exactly;
one session a day, so the split-day paster guidance the fortieth run made
compulsory correctly does not apply here. Catchment reads Timperley,
Altrincham and Trafford in all three places, leading with its own seoTown.
Widget set is the full five (bloodPressure, contraception, pharmacyFirst,
weightLoss, travelClinic) and sections 2 and 3 carry all five with nothing
claimed that the widget set does not give it.

Counts, CRLF-normalised: description 657, exactly what its heading claims,
against the 750 limit. Posts 449, 319, 521 and 425 body only, against 1,500.
Byte-identical to both earlier passes, so the pack is stable across three.
Character hygiene on the whole file: zero non-ASCII, zero em dashes, zero en
dashes, zero minus signs, zero dash entities, zero smart quotes, zero
middots, zero ellipses, zero non-breaking spaces, zero emoji surrogates.
Post A's seven conditions and both age ranges (earache 1 to 17, UTI in women
16 to 64) match the generated pharmacy-first-riddings-timperley.html.
Post C names no medicine and makes no efficacy claim.

All 29 checkers exit 0 before and after the change. All six page generators
rebuilt to zero diff, so nothing generated moved.

THE DEFECT: check-gbp-packs.js MEASURED THE WRONG STRING FOR POST B
Found by reading the checker's own --verbose stats rather than the pack. The
stats line read:

  riddings-timperley.md   desc=657  A=449 B=1354 C=521 D=425

B=1354 against 280 to 408 for the Post B of every other pack in the estate.
An independent measurement of the posted copy gives 319, and 319 is what both
earlier passes recorded, so the checker and two human-readable passes had been
reporting different numbers for the same post without anyone comparing them.

Cause: postsOf() built the measured body by stripping only two things, the
"Button:" line and everything from "Notes for the paster:" onward. It had no
notion of a paster instruction block sitting INSIDE a post. Riddings Post B
carries exactly that - the roughly 1,000-character hard stop the forty-second
run added when the canonical switch URL was found returning a 404 - so the
checker was counting a thousand characters of instruction to the paster as
though it were copy going onto a public Google profile.

Scope: Riddings is the ONLY pack affected. Every pack was checked for the same
shape; the other five all-caps instruction blocks in the estate (cherry-lane
line 7, coleman-leigh line 3, hirshmans line 7, mccanns-sandringham line 3,
clear-aintree line 65) sit in the pack header above section 5, where postsOf
never reaches them.

Severity, stated honestly: the count only ever ran HIGH, so it could not have
hidden a genuinely over-length post. This was a false-failure risk, not a
missed breach. But it was close: 1354 of 1,500 left about 146 characters, so
any future clarification to that hard stop would have failed the pack on copy
that is never posted, and the reported headroom was meaningless in the
meantime. It is the same shape of defect this repo has hit repeatedly - the
rule was reading a string nobody had checked it was reading.

THE FIX
tools/check-gbp-packs.js only. Two changes plus the header rule list.
1. New documented constant POST_INSTRUCTION = /^(?:STOP|DO NOT POST)\b/m, and
   postsOf now cuts the body at that marker the same way it already cuts at
   "Notes for the paster:". The stripped text is kept and returned as .note
   rather than discarded, so a rule can still reason about it. The marker is
   line-anchored and upper case only, so "we never stop caring" and a
   lower-case "stop by the pharmacy" are untouched.
2. A floor under the cut. A maximum-length rule cannot see an empty post, and
   a marker placed ABOVE the copy instead of below it would empty the body
   silently, so a body under 40 characters now fails, and where an instruction
   block was stripped the message names the marker that swallowed the copy.

Riddings Post B now reports 319. Every other pack's numbers are unchanged.

NEGATIVE TESTS - 10, ALL PASSED
Run against the real POST_INSTRUCTION and the real postsOf extracted from the
shipped source, not a copy. Script written to TEMP and deleted before commit,
per the convention the earlier checker work used.
  1  marker below the copy: body excludes the block
  2  marker below the copy: the block is captured as .note, not lost
  3  marker above the copy: body emptied, so the length floor fires
  4  "DO NOT POST" is cut as well as "STOP"
  5  regression, a post with no marker is byte-unchanged
  6  "stop" mid-sentence does not cut (marker is line-anchored)
  7  lower-case "stop" at line start does not cut (marker is upper case)
  8  "Notes for the paster:" still ends the last post
  9  the "Button:" line is still stripped
 10  the real Riddings pack's Post B measures exactly 319

Plus one end-to-end test through the real checker, not just the function: the
STOP marker was temporarily moved above the Post B copy in the pack, the
checker was run and exited 1 with the intended message naming the misplaced
marker, then the pack was restored with git checkout and confirmed identical
byte-for-byte, with the checker back to exit 0 and git status clean for that
file. That test proves rule 2 fires in the shipped path.

LIVE HALF - NOT PERFORMED THIS RUN
No live page was fetched and no live claim is made or refreshed. Two Chrome
instances are connected to the browser tooling, and resolving which one to
use needs a human choice this unattended run cannot make and must not make
for itself. Nothing was clicked, typed or submitted anywhere. The same
condition blocked runs 121 to 123; run 124 got through, so the route works
when only one instance is connected.

Consequence for the record: every live-side statement about this branch still
rests on the 2026-08-11 check and is now a day old. Those states are Post B's
canonical URL returning a 404 with the live switch page still at the old
permalink switch-prescriptions.html, Posts A, C and D resolving, the
replacement pharmacy-first-riddings-timperley.html live and in the sitemap
(the no-paste 5.3 repoint), the "Download our app" block on the old switch
page that is not ours to inherit, the live contact block reading "Timperley,
Cheshire" against Greater Manchester in branches.json, the en-dash site-wide
footer line, and the banner close-button mojibake. None of it was re-checked
today and none of it is claimed as current. The sitemap was dated 2026-07-18
throughout on 2026-08-11, so the site had not been republished since 18 July
and none of these are expected to have changed, but expectation is not
verification and this pass does not pretend otherwise.

ANSWER PICKUP - NOT AVAILABLE THIS RUN
Same cause as the live half: the portal answer fetch needs the browser and
the browser needed a choice between two connected instances. No answer was
read. 33 questions remain open (Q17-Q22, Q24, Q28, Q29, Q34-Q57), unchanged.

VERDICT
Pack copy clean for the third consecutive pass and byte-stable across all
three. The defect this pass found was not in the pack but in the rule that
measures it, and it is fixed at source with tests. No question raised: the
fix needed no decision from Rishi. Live half owed and should be the first
thing the next run with a working browser route does, on this item.
