Item 4.13 (Riddings Pharmacy Timperley GBP pack), fourteenth quality pass, 2026-09-08
Subject: the photo shot list rule (PHOTO_MIN/photoCount, photoVinyl, photoGoogleUpdates
in tools/check-gbp-packs.js), proved at birth on the item 4.5 quality pass (2026-08-30)
against gbp-packs/scorah-hazel-grove.md, never individually injection-tested against
gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md's own copy across the item's thirteen prior passes.

BASELINE
git status --porcelain gbp-packs/ modules/ core/ tools/ branches.json status/: empty.
All 36 tools/check-*.js run individually: 36/36 exit 0.
node tools/check-gbp-packs.js: 0 failures, 17 warnings (the same standing estate-wide
set every recent pass records: Q64 post-town x4, Q72 qualifier-exemption x3, live-only
link-target warnings, one phone-like-number warning).
sha256 of gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md before any change:
8cc587968d3f6b83a3509aa27151c7dc30172b626b9d0fed824630a775917c04
(unchanged since the tenth pass, 2026-09-03).

NOTE ON WHY THIS PACK IS A GOOD TEST OF PHOTO_MIN SPECIFICALLY: Riddings' Photo shot
list carries exactly 10 bullets, the PHOTO_MIN floor itself, not comfortable margin
above it the way most other packs run. That makes it the sharpest available boundary
case in the estate for the photoCount leg of this rule: one bullet removed is the
smallest possible injection that can flip the result.

METHOD
Three injections run one at a time directly against the tracked file (this mount
permits git checkout --, unlike the Cowork Linux sandbox's FUSE mount, so restore used
`git checkout -- gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md` after each round, sha256-reconfirmed
identical to the baseline hash above before the next injection began).

(1) photoCount: removed the tenth and final bullet ("Hours notice on the door, close
enough that the 9am to 6pm weekday hours and the Saturday and Sunday closure are
legible."), leaving 9. CAUGHT:
  FAIL riddings-timperley.md: Photo shot list names 9 shots, and Build Pack v2 4.1
  asks for at least 10. ...
Confirms the floor fires exactly one bullet below the boundary this pack itself sits
on, not just on packs with several bullets of margin.

(2) photoVinyl: reworded the first bullet from "Vinyl storefront lead shot where
fitted; otherwise the best straight-on frontage shot." to "Storefront lead shot, best
straight-on frontage angle.", removing the word "vinyl" from the section. CAUGHT:
  FAIL riddings-timperley.md: Photo shot list does not mention the vinyl storefront...
Method note: the line-level replace targeted only the bullet's first physical line and
left the original second line ("  frontage shot.") in place underneath the reworded
first line, producing a slightly malformed two-line bullet in the injected copy rather
than a single clean sentence. This does not weaken the test: photoVinyl reads the whole
flattened photo section for the word "vinyl", not per-bullet, so the section-level
absence is what the rule is checking and what was genuinely absent. Restored
byte-identical afterwards regardless, confirmed by sha256.

(3) photoGoogleUpdates: reworded the intro line "pending Google updates.)" to remove
the phrase, replacing it with wording that keeps the sentence grammatical but drops
"google" entirely. CAUGHT:
  FAIL riddings-timperley.md: Photo shot list does not remind the paster to action any
  pending Google updates while they are in the profile...
Method note: the same line-level replace left the original preceding line ("(Build
Pack 4.1: at least 10 photos. While in the profile, also action any") untouched above
the new line, producing a duplicated, malformed intro fragment in the injected copy.
Again this does not weaken the test: the rule checks for the phrase anywhere in the
flattened section text, and the phrase was genuinely and completely absent from the
injected copy. Restored byte-identical afterwards, confirmed by sha256.

All three legs of the rule fire independently on Riddings' own copy, matching the
behaviour proved at birth on scorah-hazel-grove.md. No checker gap found; no in-repo
defect; rule proven, not changed.

RESTORE CONFIRMATION
sha256 of gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md after all three injections and restores:
8cc587968d3f6b83a3509aa27151c7dc30172b626b9d0fed824630a775917c04 (matches baseline).
git status --porcelain gbp-packs/ modules/ core/ tools/ branches.json status/: empty.
Full 36-checker suite re-run after final restore: 36/36 exit 0.

LIVE HALF
Claude in Chrome: tabs_context_mcp reported "not connected" (standing Q59). Read-only
HTTP HEAD requests used as a fallback, consistent with the item 4.13 twelfth pass's own
precedent, to confirm status codes only - nothing clicked, typed, submitted or logged
into:
  switch-prescriptions-riddings-timperley.html -> 404 (unchanged, still the Post B hard
    stop's subject)
  switch-prescriptions.html                     -> 200 (unchanged, still the live
    pre-Phase-3 paste at the old permalink)
  pharmacy-first-riddings-timperley.html         -> 200 (unchanged, still live and
    correct, matching Post A's repoint)
  sitemap.xml                                    -> 200 (reachable; full content not
    re-parsed this pass since no fact this pass tests depends on it)
No change from the seventh pass's 2026-09-01 full check on any of these. This pass's
own subject, the photo shot list, governs the physical photos taken for a Google
Business Profile and the paster's own on-the-day actions inside that profile, neither
of which is a URL this repo can fetch or verify live - the same point made about
CLINIC_QUALIFIERS (twelfth pass) and the category/service allowlist (thirteenth pass).

Answer pickup (step 3): Claude in Chrome not connected, same reason as above; no
alternative route attempted per the standing rule. QUESTIONS.json read directly, 99
total, 46 open, unchanged by pickup this run.

No autonomous window active at the top of AGENT_LOG.md at run start. No new question
raised: pure re-verification of documented checker behaviour against this pack's own
copy, no business, legal, pricing or regulatory content changed, no judgement call for
Rishi.
