RIDDINGS PHARMACY (TIMPERLEY) - ITEM 3.10 QUALITY PASS
Date: 2026-08-14
Run: hundred-and-ninety-third, agents/audit-backlog
Scope: repo half only. The portal answer fetch returned the Cloudflare Access
sign-in page, so no live page was read and nothing live is claimed here.

WHY THIS ITEM
All eight unchecked worklist items are still [BLOCKED] (5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.8,
6.1, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6), so this run is a quality pass. Ordering was re-derived
mechanically from AGENT_LOG.md rather than inherited. 233 run blocks parsed,
41 completed items. Two orderings were computed and they disagree, which is
recorded here because it changes which item is "stalest":

  by LAST MENTION of the id anywhere in a run block
      3.13 at 38, 3.10 at 35, 5.6 at 34, 4.5 at 32
  by LAST RUN THAT TOOK THE ITEM AS ITS SUBJECT
      3.10 at 40, 3.12 at 39, 3.13 at 38, 5.2 at 35, 5.6 at 34

Mention counting is wrong for this purpose: item 3.1's worklist text contains
the string "items 3.2 to 3.13", so an item can look recently verified because
another item's prose names it. Subject counting was used. 3.10 last verified
on 2026-08-13 09:34, the hundred-and-fifty-second run.

BASELINE
  36 checkers run, 0 failures.
  6 generators rebuilt: no change under modules/, byte-identical.
  12 Riddings pages on disk, matching the count recorded on the item.
  177 sheet permalink entries against 177 generated pages, 1:1, no page
  without a sheet entry and no sheet entry without a page. So the sheet-driven
  rules in check-seo-lengths and check-seo-keywords are not vacuous.

THE FINDING: A BUILD PACK RULE NOTHING ASSERTED
Build Pack v2 section 5.1 states it as a critical rule: "anything that must
RANK has to be real text in the page, not injected by JavaScript. The switch
module gets this right; service pages must too."

Nothing in the repo asserted it, and check-switch-copy.js RULE 3 was the
reason it looked as though something did. RULE 3 pins every static line of
generator copy to every page, but it asked whether the page SOURCE contained
the line:

    p.html.indexOf(want) === -1 && textOf(want) && p.text.indexOf(textOf(want)) === -1

textOf() strips tags but not <script> bodies, so both halves of that test are
satisfied by a line that has been moved out of the body and into a script
which writes it back with innerHTML. The line is in the source and is not on
the page as far as Google is concerned.

PROVED BY INJECTION, NOT BY READING
The three "How switching works" steps on
modules/switch/pages/switch-prescriptions-riddings-timperley.html were
replaced by an empty div plus a script assigning the identical markup to
innerHTML. All 36 checkers stayed green. The same injection applied to
modules/service/pages/travel-clinic-riddings-timperley.html failed
immediately, because check-travel-clinic-copy.js has stripped scripts and
comments since the sixty-ninth run. Two checkers were asking different
questions of the same class of page copy, and the weaker of the two guards
the fifteen highest-commitment pages in the estate.

THE FIX
tools/check-switch-copy.js gains crawlable() and crawlableText(), which strip
HTML comments and <script> blocks, mirroring check-travel-clinic-copy.js.
RULE 3 and the "earned" half of the conditional rule now read crawlable text.

The absence direction was deliberately NOT changed. "Is unearned copy on this
page?" must keep reading the raw source, because copy hidden in a script is
still written into the page for a patient to read, so a promise the branch has
not earned is still a promise. Weakening the absence rule to match the
presence rule would have traded one blind spot for another.

A guard on the stripper itself fails the run if stripping removes nothing
(the rules would silently revert to source rules) or if it removes the body
(the rules would pass on almost nothing).

NEGATIVE TESTS, SIX, ALL FIRE
  NT1 a step moved into a <script> using innerHTML   fails, section 5.1 wording
  NT2 the same line moved into an HTML comment       fails, section 5.1 wording
  NT3 the line simply deleted                        fails, "stale build" wording
                                                     (regression guard: the old
                                                     message must survive)
  NT4 script-strip regex removed                     fails on the [crawlable] guard
  NT5 script-strip regex made greedy                 fails on the [crawlable] guard
  NT6 control, no mutation                           passes
Every mutation was confirmed to have applied before its run, and the page and
the checker were restored from a byte backup after each.

SECOND INSTANCE OF THE SAME CLASS, FOUND AND NOT FIXED THIS RUN
check-contraception-copy.js has the same gap. Its visible() strips HTML
comments only, not scripts:

    function visible(html) { return norm(html.replace(/<!--[\s\S]*?-->/g, " ")); }

Reproduction, on one of this item's own 12 pages: take the first <details>
block on modules/service/pages/contraception-riddings-timperley.html (the "Is
it free?" answer, which states the NHS Pharmacy Contraception Service is free
and carries no prescription charge), replace it with an empty div plus a
script assigning the identical markup to innerHTML, and run
node tools/check-contraception-copy.js. It exits 0.

NOT FIXED HERE ON PURPOSE. That file mixes presence rules with ABSENCE rules
on barred wording (lines 262, 310, 328, 336) and a safeguarding rule at line
367 that reads both ways. Stripping scripts inside its single visible() would
weaken every absence rule on an NHS contraception page in the same edit that
strengthens the presence rules. That needs its own pass and its own negative
tests, the same way this one got them. It is written up here and on the
worklist so the next run picks it up rather than rediscovering it.

check-service-links.js is the only other body-copy checker with no script
handling and has not been tested. Not claimed either way.

RESULT
No defect in the Riddings pages. Not one character of any page was edited:
every injection was reverted and the six generators rebuild all 177 pages
byte-identical. One real in-repo defect found and fixed, in a checker. One
further instance of the same class found, reproduced and recorded.
No question raised.
