Item 4.13 quality pass (fifteenth), 2026-09-09 - Riddings Pharmacy Timperley GBP pack
Checker under test: tools/check-brand-spelling.js
Target file: gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md

WHY THIS ANGLE
Fourteen prior passes on this item had only ever proven tools/check-gbp-packs.js
by injection against this pack (photo shot list rule, twelfth-pass CLINIC_QUALIFIERS,
thirteenth-pass category/service allowlist, fourteenth-pass photo shot list). Of the
16 checkers whose source mentions "gbp-packs", 10 are genuine readers (a PACK_DIR
constant or scan-list entry) and 6 only mention it in a comment - the same split
item 4.1's twelfth pass established. check-brand-spelling.js is one of the 10
genuine readers (SCAN_DIRS includes gbp-packs, tools/check-brand-spelling.js line
351) and had never been injection-tested against this pack's own copy. It is also
one of the two packs (with coleman-leigh-walton.md) the checker's own header
comment names by name as the "STREET ADDRESSES" mask case: Riddings is both a
shortened brand and the street the shop stands on (38 Riddings Road), so this pack
carries six genuine "Riddings Road" mentions that must NOT be mistaken for a brand
variant.

BASELINE
sha256 of gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md: 8cc587968d3f6b83a3509aa27151c7dc30172b6
26b9d0fed824630a775917c04 - unchanged since the tenth pass, matches every prior
pass's recorded value.
Scratch copy: full repo rsynced to /tmp/scratch413 (excluding .git only, per this
item's own established method note that a partial copy produces false failures).
node tools/check-brand-spelling.js on the scratch baseline: clean, "every trading
name is spelled the one way", 10 quoted readings of a live page read as evidence
(none of them this pack).

METHOD
Three injections, each on the scratch copy only, restored from a saved baseline
copy and sha256-reconfirmed identical before the next. The tracked repo file was
never opened for writing.

1. Rule 2 (VARIANT), trailing s added to the canonical brand in the business
   description's opening sentence: "Riddings Pharmacy is an independent NHS
   pharmacy" -> "Riddings Pharmacys is an independent NHS pharmacy".
   CAUGHT first attempt: gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md:29: reads "Riddings
   Pharmacys". The trading name is "Riddings Pharmacy".

2. Rule 4 (MISSPELT), the "Ridings" single-d misspelling (already listed in
   MISSPELT specifically because "Smarts Chemist" and "Ridings Pharmacy" once
   passed all 36 checkers by injection on the seventh 1.1 pass) in the Profile
   basics "Name on GBP" line: "Name on GBP: Riddings Pharmacy" -> "Name on GBP:
   Ridings Pharmacy".
   CAUGHT first attempt: gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md:21: reads "Ridings", a
   known misspelling. The trading name is "Riddings Pharmacy".

3. Rule 2 (VARIANT), shop-type word swap, same line: "Name on GBP: Riddings
   Pharmacy" -> "Name on GBP: Riddings Chemist".
   CAUGHT first attempt: gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md:21: reads "Riddings
   Chemist". The trading name is "Riddings Pharmacy".

CONTROL
Restored to baseline and re-run without any injection. The pack's own six genuine
"Riddings Road" street mentions were confirmed NOT to false-positive: "Riddings
Road" never matches Rule 2's or Rule 4's patterns because both require a
shop-type word (Pharmacy/Chemist/Chemists/Pharmacies) or an apostrophe-s directly
after "Riddings", and "Road" is neither. check-brand-spelling.js: clean, same
result as the pre-injection baseline. sha256 after restore: 8cc587968d3f6b83a35
09aa27151c7dc30172b626b9d0fed824630a775917c04 - byte-identical to the recorded
baseline.

RESULT
All three injections caught cleanly, on the intended rule, first attempt, with
the exact expected message. The genuine street-name text was confirmed not to
trip either rule. No checker gap found. No in-repo defect: the rule already
protects this pack; now proven directly for the first time in fifteen passes.

FULL SWEEP
Scratch copy, all tools/check-*.js run individually after the final restore:
35/36 exit 0; the one exception, check-cdn-pins.js, fails only because the
scratch copy has no .git directory to resolve pinned refs against - the same
known, already-documented artefact recorded on the twelfth and thirteenth
passes of this item, not a real failure.
Tracked repo, all 36 tools/check-*.js run individually: 36/36 exit 0.
Tracked gbp-packs/riddings-timperley.md confirmed sha256-unchanged and
git status --porcelain empty throughout and after this pass. Scratch directory
deleted after use.

LIVE HALF
Not attempted this pass. Claude in Chrome MCP was called (tabs_context_mcp) and
reported "Claude in Chrome is not connected" - standing Q59, unchanged. No
alternative route attempted; nothing clicked, typed or submitted anywhere. This
pass's own subject (a checker proof against a pack's typed copy) has no live URL
to verify beyond what prior passes already established (Post B 404 at the
canonical permalink, old permalink still live, branch-specific Pharmacy First
page live, all unchanged and already tracked, not re-claimed here).

QUESTIONS
None raised. No business, legal, pricing or regulatory content changed; no
judgement call for Rishi.
