Item 3.4 (Cherry Lane Pharmacy, Walton) - Quality pass (twentieth), 2026-09-15
Fresh angle: tools/check-opening-hours.js, never named once across the prior
nineteen passes on this item (confirmed by grepping the item's own worklist
block for "check-opening" and "opening-hours" before starting: zero hits).

BASELINE
branches.json sha256: 169bb5a21cf62b196600d61260e0689fee040491fd0c3637eb2ac91f2ad1b102
  (matches the standing regression anchor used throughout this item's history)
Full 36-script check-*.js suite run individually against the tracked repo: 36/36 exit 0.
tools/check-opening-hours.js baseline output:
  6 landing page(s) checked against 16 trading branches
  rule 7 swept 88 clock time(s)
  rule 8 swept 177 switch/service-family/pasted-copy file(s)
  rule 10 checked 171 switch/service-family page(s)
  clean, every visible and structured opening time matches branches.json.

STRUCTURAL FINDING (not a defect): Cherry Lane has no file in
modules/branch/pages/ - only Fishlocks Ainsdale/Eccleston, McCanns
Aigburth/Sandringham and Scorah Bramhall/Hazel Grove have branch landing
pages (item 2.2's shared-domain build). check-opening-hours.js's rules 1-3
and 7 (the visible hours card and its containment rule) are scoped to
LANDING_DIR via a bare existsSync-and-return, so they are silently
inapplicable to Cherry Lane and to every other single-host branch without a
landing page - correct behaviour, matching the same convention documented
elsewhere in this checker (rule 9's odsCode gate, rule 6's data-only scope).
This pass therefore targeted the six rules that DO reach Cherry Lane: 4
(clash), 5 (closes-before-opens), 6 (unstated day), 8 (no clock time outside
an hours card, on switch/service-family pages), 9 (odsCode branch with no
openingHours block) and 10 (JSON-LD hours schema on Cherry Lane's own 12
service-family pages and 1 switch page).

METHOD
Tar-based scratch copy (excluding .git) at an isolated path outside the
tracked tree; tracked repo never opened for writing at any point. Baseline
branches.json sha256 in the scratch copy confirmed identical to the tracked
anchor before any mutation. Each injection below was written, the checker
run, the failure text captured, then the file restored from a pre-injection
backup (direct byte copy) and sha256-reconfirmed identical before the next
injection began.

INJECTION 1 (RULE 10, switch page). File:
modules/switch/pages/switch-prescriptions-cherry-lane-walton.html. The
Monday-Friday session's JSON-LD "closes" changed from 18:30 to 19:00.
CAUGHT: "JSON-LD opening hours do not match branches.json for
cherrylane_liverpool", page/data lines printed correctly (page showing
19:00, data showing 18:30 on all five weekdays, Saturday unaffected).
Restored; sha256 reconfirmed identical to pre-injection backup.

INJECTION 2 (RULE 10, service-family page). File:
modules/service/pages/pharmacy-first-cherry-lane-walton.html. Saturday
session's JSON-LD "opens" changed from 09:00 to 10:00.
CAUGHT: same message, page/data lines correctly isolating the Saturday
mismatch only. Restored; sha256 reconfirmed identical.

INJECTION 3 (RULE 8, switch page). File:
modules/switch/pages/switch-prescriptions-cherry-lane-walton.html. FAQ
answer text widened with "We are also open 9am to 6pm on weekdays for
walk-ins." (the same class of sentence CLAUDE.md's own worked example uses
for this fault - Smartts Bootle's real "9:00am to 6:00pm" straight-through
claim).
CAUGHT: two separate FAILs, one per clock time found ("9am" and "6pm"),
each naming the file and explaining a switch/service-family page has no
hours card to compare a time against. Restored; sha256 reconfirmed
identical.

INJECTION 4 (RULE 6, data). branches.json, cherrylane_liverpool: the
Saturday session removed from openingHours.specification entirely, without
adding Saturday to closedDays.
CAUGHT: "Saturday is in neither closedDays nor specification. An unstated
day is published as \"Closed\" ...". Correct, single-cause collateral: all
12 of Cherry Lane's own switch/service-family pages also failed rule 10,
since their baked JSON-LD still carries the (now-removed) Saturday session
while branches.json no longer does - the two rules independently catching
the same underlying data change from different directions, not
cross-firing. branches.json restored from the pre-injection backup; sha256
reconfirmed identical to the standing anchor.

INJECTION 5 (RULE 4, data). branches.json, cherrylane_liverpool: "Monday"
added to closedDays while Monday remained in specification (the clash rule
guards against exactly this).
CAUGHT: "Monday is listed in closedDays and also carries opening times."
Exactly one failure, no rule-10 collateral this time (the page-side JSON-LD
for Monday still correctly matches the now-unchanged specification; only
the closedDays list was touched, and rule 10 does not read closedDays).
Restored; sha256 reconfirmed identical.

INJECTION 6 (RULE 5, data). branches.json, cherrylane_liverpool: Saturday
session's "closes" changed to 08:00 (opens stays 09:00, so closes before it
opens).
CAUGHT: "session 09:00 to 08:00 does not close after it opens", plus the
same class of correct rule-10 collateral across all 12 Cherry Lane pages
(their baked schema still shows the old, valid 09:00-17:00 Saturday session
disagreeing with the now-invalid data). Restored; sha256 reconfirmed
identical.

INJECTION 7 (RULE 9, data). branches.json, cherrylane_liverpool: the entire
openingHours block deleted (odsCode FA226 retained, so the branch stays a
"real dispensing pharmacy" under the rule's own gate).
CAUGHT: "carries an odsCode (a real dispensing pharmacy) but has no
openingHours block at all. Rules 4 to 6 read openingHours and return
immediately when it is absent...". Also fired rule 10 across all 12 of
Cherry Lane's own pages ("data: (none)"), which is worth recording
specifically: rule 9 was written on the 6.3 quality pass (2026-09-12)
after finding that deleting a branch's openingHours left this checker
silently clean, backstopped only incidentally by check-gbp-packs.js on a
branch that happened to carry a GBP pack. Rule 10 did not exist yet at that
time (it landed later the same day as this pass, per item 6.3's own
fifteenth-pass write-up and Q38's implementation). This injection shows
that, for any branch with generated service-family/switch pages, the same
"delete openingHours entirely" fault is now caught twice over by two
independent rules in this same file, not once by an unrelated checker.
branches.json restored from the pre-injection backup; full diff against the
saved original confirmed empty; sha256 reconfirmed identical to
169bb5a2...b102.

VERIFICATION AFTER THE ROUND
Full 36-script suite re-run individually in the scratch copy: 35/35 clean
except tools/check-cdn-pins.js, which fails with its standing, documented
"ref does not resolve in git" shape on every scratch copy in this repo's
history (a git-archive/tar copy carries no .git, so CDN ref resolution
cannot run) - not a live breach, not related to this pass's injections.
Tracked repo (real working copy) reconfirmed separately and independently:
branches.json sha256 unchanged (169bb5a2...b102), git status --porcelain --
modules core branches.json gbp-packs tools showing only the two long-standing
pre-existing untracked strays (gbp-packs/.fuse_hidden0000000400000001,
modules/service/pages/notarealservice-fishlocks-ainsdale.html.bak), neither
touched, and the full 36-check-*.js suite run individually against the
tracked repo: 36/36 exit 0.

NO IN-REPO DEFECT FOUND. All six rules exercised (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10) behaved
exactly as documented against Cherry Lane's own data and pages, on first
attempt, with no unexplained cross-firing. Rules 1, 2, 3 and 7 are
structurally inapplicable to this branch (no branch landing page exists for
Cherry Lane), which is itself now a proven, not merely assumed, property of
this checker for a single-host branch without one.

Guard coverage for item 3.4 now extends to 18 of 36 checkers proven by
direct injection (up from 17): check-address-region.js,
check-booking-routes.js, check-branch-identity.js, check-branch-links.js,
check-em-dashes.js, check-gbp-packs.js, check-jsonld.js, check-map-embeds.js,
check-nap.js, check-opening-hours.js (new this pass), check-postcodes.js,
check-seo-keywords.js, check-seo-pattern.js, check-seo-sheets.js,
check-service-links.js, check-switch-copy.js, check-weight-loss-copy.js,
check-whatsapp-route.js.

LIVE HALF
Claude in Chrome connected this run (one browser instance, no Q59
two-instance conflict). Not spent on a live read this pass: this pass's
scope was a data/schema-layer checker (opening hours JSON-LD and the data
rules), and the standing live findings for this item (Q86's two live-only
Weebly faults; the Q36 footer typo) were last reconfirmed status is
unchanged since no run has had a chance to fix them, being live-only Weebly
content outside this repo's write scope. Not re-read this pass to keep
scope tight to the fresh angle actually under test; not claimed fixed or
newly reconfirmed either.

QUESTIONS: no new question raised. This pass proved a checker's rules sound
against a specific branch's data and pages rather than surfacing a decision
for Rishi.
